The all in has a complex architecture that is supported by few classes:

Pot
-----
- Each game (group chat) has a single instance of Pot.
- The purpose of the pot instance is to store all the related data to the "money on the table",
  while the data on the each player money holding is saved at the own player instance 

Pot properties:
---------------
main_pot: int = The total money in the pot

last_round_pot: int = The total money in the pot of the last betting round

all_ins: list = A list of all the all ins (more details explanation in a moment)

current_bet: int = The highest bet of the current round which everyone should be either equal to at the end of the round or all in

current_rounde_bets: list = List of all the bets in the current betting round

AllIn
-----
- New AllIn instance is created whenever player goes all in
- Each AllIn instance is tracking the players that have to possiblity to win
  the pot including the current all in bet, the pot to this point, and the
  raise the player who went all in did.

AllIn properties
---------------
players: list = the players that are competing for the pot including the all in

pot: int = the money the player with the best hand between the competing players will win

current_bet: int = the bet amount that created the all in instance


Flow chart
---------------

1. Player goes all in (raise all his game money/pok raise all/ pok all)

2. The player is marked as 'all_in' and 'is_played' and his money is added into the pot and so on

3. An AllIn instance is created under pot with the amount the player who put the all in is able to access

3.5 after each successful raise, call or all in, if there is a successful action- the amount of the raise/call/all in will be added to the current round all ins (unless they already called the all in). If they called just part of the all in, this amount will be added to the all in pot. When there is a new round (flop/turn/river) the all in's 'current_bet' will be change from their sum to '-1'. This way we won't add to all ins the all the playing players called already. Also, after raise/call the player will be added as qualified to the all ins that were made in this round (and because of that all the rounds until that point). If two (or more) players went all in at the same round, it will be checked to see to which all ins they are qualified to participate in.

4. Whenever a new 'All In' is happening the, all ins list is updates and reorganized if someone with less money went all in after somebody with more money.
   Whenver a new raise is happening, if the current bet before this one wasn't enought to cover the current round all ins current bet- the amount
   is added to the current round all in the fit this criteria.

5. At the end of the river- a winner is checked for each individual winner, and his money counts goes up until all money is distributed and the main pot
   is empty. Then, the amounts the winners got will be printed using the regular printing templates (hand, hand type, cards and amount)
   The order the winner per pot is checked is from the first all in (the lowest one) to the last all in (the highest one).
   Before all ins are awarded to players, there is an 'generalization' were every all in is subtracted from the all in before him, this will make the total amount of all in equal to the full pot and will remove the overlapping parts.

6. At the same round of the all in, if a player after the all in calls or reraise the all in- the amount that calls the all in is added to the current all in pot.
   This operation happens for all the all ins that accured on the current round.